Add native support for networks represented by the SONATA format (#2595)
nest/nest-simulator: doc/htmldoc/installation/cmake_options.rst

+-------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``-Dwith-gsl=[OFF|ON|</path/to/gsl>]``                | Build with the GSL library [default=ON]. To set a specific library, give the install path.     |
+-------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
+-------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | ``-Dwith-hdf5=[OFF|ON|</path/to/hdf5>]``              | Build with `HDF5 <https://hdfgroup.org/>`_ library [default=OFF]. To set a specific library,   |
> |                                                       | give the install path. HDF5 is needed to configure NEST for                                    |
> |                                                       | `SONATA <https://github.com/AllenInstitute/sonata>`_ support.                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``-Dwith-hdf5=[OFF|ON|</path/to/hdf5>]``              | Build with `HDF5 <https://hdfgroup.org/>`_ library [default=OFF]. To set a specific library,   |
|                                                       | give the install path. HDF5 is required for                                    |
|                                                       | `SONATA <https://github.com/AllenInstitute/sonata>`_ support.                                  |
```

I think it would be better to link to `nest_sonata_guide.rst` here instead of to the generic sonata homepage. That will lead the user to more relevant documentation.

> |                                                       | `SONATA <https://github.com/AllenInstitute/sonata>`_ support.                                  |

Reviewer: Just one last little thing: I think this link should go to our `nest_sonata_guide.rst` to provide more context for the user. The general Sonata home page will not help to make the connection to this compiler option.

+-------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``-Dwith-gsl=[OFF|ON|</path/to/gsl>]``                | Build with the GSL library [default=ON]. To set a specific library, give the install path.     |
+-------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
+-------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``-Dwith-hdf5=[OFF|ON|</path/to/hdf5>]``              | Build with HDF5 library [default=OFF]. To set a specific library, give the install path.       |

> +-------------------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Reviewer: Here (and also for GSL above and probably other options), we only explain technically how to build NEST with a given library. But we say nothing about the purpose or actual effect. Should we mention here that HDF5 is needed for Sonata, and similarly for GSL that it is needed for a range of neuron models? @jessica-mitchell @jougs Comments?

Author: I suggest we improve this in a separate PR. I have created issue https://github.com/nest/nest-simulator/issues/2765 to remind us of the needed improvements.

Reviewer 2: Yes I think this makes sense to add more context. We could, in my opinion, add some relevant text here for SONATA, and in a separate PR look at adding more context to all the options.
